Platinum Arts LLC - Bringing Imagination To Life - http://SandboxGameMaker.com

Platinum Arts Sandbox Free 3D Game Maker is an open source easy to use standalone 3D Game Maker and 3D world creation program currently being used in many schools throughout the world that allows kids and adults to create their own video games, worlds, levels, adventures and quests, even cooperatively! The goal is to make it accessible to kids but also powerful enough for full game projects. With a simple click and roll of a mouse wheel users can modify the world however they want. In the words of Meg, a nine year old Sandbox whiz, "Press Edit and go fulfill your dreams!".

Main Feature List:
- The ability to map edit in game in real time and cooperatively with other people.
- The ability to immediately play with and interact with map editing changes
- Many Models to drop into the map including trees, food, tools, structures, etc.
- Several custom maps that will feature slides, jumping levels, mazes, amusement park rides, etc
- The pursuit of making it as easy as possible to add map features and content.  Also the addition of new entities to add even more features and capabilities.
- Many Gamemodes and gameplay types including Save The Princess, Sidescroller, RPG, Kartmode, and MovieCube for making movies.

For a more detailed feature list please go to http://SandboxGameMaker.com/what-is-sandbox.html

Platinum Arts Sandbox Team:
calimer aka Michael Tomaino: Project Lead/"Visionary"/Level Designer/PR dude
Kid_Matthew: Lead Level Designer / Water Gun Wars Lead
Hirato: Coder/Level Designer/Jack of all awesomeness
Tyche: Lead Forum Moderator / Texture Artist

Forum Support Staff:
arcones
Chocolatepie
GR1M
klimyriad
Leo_V117
Venima

Contributors:
aard: Cube 2 Engine and graphics
Captain Ahab: Modeler, Level Designer including trainmap and cavern2
Chaze007: Old GUI Themes, and 2.5 Background
Daniel_San: Modeler
DCP: Models
Eagle: Modeler
Eihrul: Cube 2 Main Developer
Esequiel: Maps Autodome, Space and International Airport
Graphitemaster: Vehicle Mode
Geartrooper: Models including the cart model, Robochimp, Fish and the Ogre :)
Jsoftapps: Particles
KaiserTodretter: Models
Kurtis84: Models and Graphics
Leo_V117: GUI Themes
Makke: Graphics and Models
Mortar: Racetrack map
Nekkia: 2.4 Main Menu Background
Nieb: Models, castle, rpg_snow and Jungle map
Obsidian - Forum Dev
Offtools: MovieCube coding and excellent tutorials
Protagores: MovieCube coding
Quin: Cart Code and lots of various code and help
Radder: Models, Tutorials
Tentus: Models
James "ZKAT8IT" Burns: Sandbox Launcher and Source

Thank you to everyone else who helped with Sandbox :)  Individual readmes are in content directories.

Any new members and/or contributors would be more than welcome!  Please sign up in the forum!

I want to give a big thanks to Wouter van Oortmerssen aka aard who is the creator of the Cube 2 engine which powers Platinum Arts Sandbox.  Also a big thanks to Eihrul who is the main coder and keeps keeping Cube 2 going strong and everyone who has contributed to the Cube 2 project and made it the great engine that it is.

Platinum Arts LLC is operated and owned by Michael Tomaino.  Platinum Arts Sandbox Free 3D Game Maker is a product of Platinum Arts LLC.
To contact him please e-mail him at PlatinumArts@gmail.com

We have a developer IRC channel at irc.OFTC.net #Sandbox  This is a developer chat and recommended for adults ONLY.  I cannot be responsible for anything said in there that may be inappropriate.

http://SandboxGameMaker.Com
http://PlatinumArts.Net (recommended for adults only)
Platinum Arts is a trademark of Platinum Arts LLC  
Bringing Imagination To Life is a trademark of Platinum Arts LLC


